hello and welcome back I'm awesome face
brought from the tender news Friday
January 18 2013 grab your vacuum and
start training Nintendo has finally
announced or at least they have Luigi's
Mansion Dark Moon I actually got to play
this game myself at PAX Prime last year
so being able to see in action and feel
how it played out was great and I can
tell you that anyone who liked the
original game will love this one the
curtain stars on March 24th 2013
Platinum Games their creators of Fame
that when asked via Twitter if they
would release the first thing of the
game on the Nintendo Wii U eShop to help
fill hype for the second game they
replied with and I quote it's at the
Sega or Nintendo and that's it the
original Bayonetta game was released on
the ps3 and xbox 360 years ago but
seeing as Nintendo is now publishing the
sequel it's unlikely that it will see a
multi console release I know I for one
would love to see the original painting
on the Wii U eShop and I hope that it
does come to pass but it's all up to
them I suppose
all right Zelda fans listen up I got
some cool news for you guys
Rahzel the 25th anniversary symphony of
the goddesses it's making its way over
to UK this year now I had the wonderful
opportunity to actually attend one of
these symphony concerts as it went
across North America and it was awesome
all your favorite Zelda tunes will be
played in orchestral arrangements along
with a video presentation that any Zelda
can would enjoy as far as I know they
will only be doing this in 2013 so this
is literally a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity and if you can go take my
word for it and do it it's phenomenal
I guess I'll end up this week's news
with the rumor rich and editor over at
IGN recently tweeted and I quote some
very interesting 3's related news coming
over the next week or so stay tuned for
more sorry I'm gonna be that guy today
of course you know it's already going
crazy trying to figure out what this
could mean people are speculating that
this along with another rumor it might
indicate that the 3d ice is getting a
huge update to contain miiverse and
Kinect
Nintendo id others think that it might
just be a localization of some Japanese
games personally I don't know what you
think so you know what I guess witness
the wait and find out for ourselves but
that is it for this week's episode on
syndrome news into our lives to be talks
more you can check out my channel there
you'll find an ongoing let's play of
Ocarina Time 3d anyways I've been also
space program antenna news have a great
day